{"answers": "B", "options": ["f : thanks for sharing your 8-hour-a-day work as a chef and your tips .", "f : i believe our audience will enjoy this talking about working as a chef .", "f : the dos and don'ts about a chef is useful for me . thank you , boss .", "f : though you are a new-starter chef , your cooking tips sound helpful ."], "article": "f : welcome to tonight 's legendary lives . i 'm shirley morgan . tonight , we are quite honored to invite david hopkins , a well known chef with 30 years of cooking experience . last year , his new book , secrets in the kitchen got on a new york times best seller list for 6 months . welcome to our program , david . m : hello , shirley , it 's a pleasure to be here . f : david , i ca n't wait to see you uncovered a formulas for dishes . exploring the how 's and why 's of cooking . before that , may i ask you a question ? what 's the difference between a chef and a cook ? m : i think cooks generally work at entry level jobs . they work at different places in the kitchen and follow recipes . in contrast , chefs have special training and understand better which food goes well together , so they can invent new recipes . f : i see , a chef is the cook , who has completed a professional course while a cook it 's basically any person who cooks food . by the way , how do you become a chef ? m : i am trained . 95 % is about professional training and the other 5 % is about talent . f : would you mind describing us a day of a chef ? we 're so curious about that . m : nothing special , i generally go to work 2 hours before service starts . the night before , i 've written the lists of all the things we need to prepare the next day . i work in different roles depending on what is needed . f : challenging . how long do you work everyday ? m : 10 to 12 hours a day . f : an almost full time job ! do you have any tips for average cooks , like me ? m : cooking involves your passion and creativity . kitchen is never a place to chop vegetables , and have a quick breakfast . it is good to make food that people really enjoy . f : i ca n't agree with you more . miracles happen in the kitchen . thanks for joining us , david . m : my pleasure .", "id": "train_1353"}