{"answers": "C", "options": ["f : the shorter i wait , the harder it will be to do politely ? so , your suggestion is that i should call the neighbors to complain ?", "f : so , you mean as i do n't hate to get off on the wrong foot , your suggestion is that i should introduce my children to the neighbors ?", "f : so , you mean i should bring the neighbors a gift to start the topic ? oh , that 's great . the longer i wait , the harder it will be to do politely .", "f : so , you mean as i have already really met them , your suggeation is that i should bring the neighbors a gift to start the topic ?"], "article": "m : how are your new neighbors nancy ? f : they seem nice enough , but they have a son , who 's driving me crazy . m : what do you mean ? f : he comes home every night around 10:00 with his car windows rolled down and radio on . it stops as soon as he turns the car off but by then brian and lisa are wide awake . m : oh no . f : oh yes , sometimes it takes us till midnight just to get them to settle down again . m : have you tried talking to them ? f : we have n't even really met them yet except to say a quick hello . i hate to get off on the wrong foot . m : you are not going to like them when you do meet them if he keep on simmering . f : i know , but i feel stupid complaining . m : you said yourself is driving you crazy . f : well , you know how early i have to get up to be here at the office . i 'm just not getting enough sleep and neither are the kids . they 're so irritable when i get home in the afternoon . m : maybe you could go over some time with a little gift or planned for the yard or something . then you could ask about their son whether they have any other children and they 'll be sure to ask about yours . f : yeah , and then what ? m : then you could mention that the hardest thing at this stage is getting your kids to get to sleep at night . f : and keeping them asleep . m : that 's the idea and you should do it soon . the longer you wait , the harder it will be to do politely .", "id": "train_3889"}