{"answers": "C", "options": ["m : so since its material is imported from france , you ca n't reduce the price , can you ? is there anything special about this material ?", "m : since you are not the owner of the shop , sell me 900 dollars as you say .", "m : well , since you 're not the shopkeeper and you do n't have the right to reduce the price , so please wrap it up for me .", "m : although it 's already on sale and it 's price ca n't be reduced , i still feel a little expensive ."], "article": "m : excuse me . how much is this suit ? f : it 's on sale today for $ 750 . it 's normally $ 900 . m : wow , that is pretty expensive ! i was thinking that it might be 4 or 500 . f : this material is imported from italy . it 's the finest in the world , and if you bought a suit made of this material at many department stores , you would pay about $ 2000 . m : uh-hah . but is n't that the point of coming to a market like this , to get a discount compared to the expensive department stores ? besides i saw a suit just like this one a few stalls down , and they were selling it for $ 600 . i still thought that it was too expensive . f : it 's possible that the suit you saw was the same color is this one but made of a different material . unfortunately , our prices are final , and we think there are the lowest anywhere in the city . m : could i try it on first ? f : of course , sir . the dressing room is down there to your left . m : yes , i see it . could i also take a tie to try on ? i 'm not actually looking to buy one , but i do want to see how the suit looks on me if i wear a tie . f : no problem . i 'll have my assistant bring you a few ties that we give our customers for this exact purpose . m : great ! i 'll be back in a minute . so , how do i look ? f : you look very handsome , sir . this suit is made for you . m : thank you . i like it very much . it fits perfectly and the style will never go out of fashion . the only thing is that i still think it is a bit too expensive . ca n't you lower the price by just a little ? f : i 'm not the owner of the shop , sir . otherwise , i might be able to reduce the price .", "id": "train_4"}