{"answers": "B", "options": ["f : i really need to learn some skills for fixing my apartment , i am sure you can help me with that you can help with your knowledge you learned in the interior design school .", "f : okay , i really hope you can give me some legal advice for my problem . because i do n't know how to deal with it on my own and you must know something about that .", "f : alright , i really hope you can give me some legal advice for my problem before meeting him next sunday , since i have no idea about that and i hope you can help me .", "f : i am really need a tip for how to deal with the problem with my landlord , i can ask for help from lucy since you ca n't come to visit me , she is good at that ."], "article": "m : hello , this is simon . f : hello , simon , this is lisa . sorry to call you at such a late hour . but i 'm in trouble , and i think you might be able to help me out . m : it 's my pleasure , lisa . what 's the matter ? f : well , you know , nancy and i moved into an off-campus apartment in the fall , over on the west side of the town . anyway , we 've been happy with it until the last couple of months . m : sounds good , then what happened ? f : unluckily , the air conditioner broke down . so we report it to mr. green , the landlord . he promised he 'll take care of it , but a month went by , and nothing happened . m : did you make contact with him again ? f : i got a repair person to give me an estimate , then i send it to mr. green . when i did n't hear from him , i had it repaired down and i took all the cost from the rent check . m : so , what 's the problem ? f : he called me in a mad way , he said he could have gotten it repaired down for less money . now he 's threatening to drive us out for not paying the full rent . m : hold on , lisa . it does sound pretty serious , but i 'm sure you should calm down and take it easy . f : well , you are over at a law school . so i wonder if you can come with nancy and me , when we go to talk to mr. green . we 're supposed to meet with him tomorrow night at 8 . m : sure , i have studied a lot about contracts . and i would be glad to help you . would you mind and my visiting you at about 7:30 ?", "id": "train_1287"}