{"answers": "C", "options": ["f : yeah , it has lot of customers just because it 's owners provide free laptops for use .", "f : although they make sofas comfortable to sit on , there are no wi-fi .", "f : yeah , you are right , by making sofas comfortable to sit on , it can has many customers .", "f : anyway . i hate the cafe owners attract customers by engaging them in stimulating conversation ."], "article": "f : here 's your cup of coffee , bob . m : thanks . but what took you so long , catherine ? f : sorry , bob . i bumped into somebody i knew in the cafe and stopped for a chat . m : ok , well . catherine , did you know that coffee houses were originally a meeting place for lively debates and intellectual discussions ? f : really ? i did n't know that , bob . so how long ago was this debating society formed ? m : the first coffee house was set up in oxford in one thousand six hundred and fifty , but they quickly became popular and soon they were all over london too . you paid a penny to get in , and this included access to newspapers and stimulating conversation . f : but i have to say , while i was getting our coffees earlier , there was nobody else in the cafe talking except me and my friend . everybody was sitting on their own , typing away on their laptops . so the spirit of those 17 century coffee houses has disappeared then ? no more lively debates and intellectual discussions ? m : it seems so . as douglas fraser , bbc business and economy editor says , the coffee shop 's free wi-fi is transporting its customers to different destinations far from the person beside them . as you can see , so many people sit along plugged into their laptops , and they 're all doing different things working , writing , messing about on social media . f : i think at the cafe owners should turn off the free wi-fi . i do n't think people should be allowed to sit all day using the internet , occupying tables and not talking to anybody , especially when some of them do n't even buy a coffee . m : that 's a bit extreme , catherine . cafe owners needs customers and they encourage people to stay by having comfortable sofas and newspapers to read and the free wi-fi .", "id": "train_59"}