{"answers": "B", "options": ["F: Yeah, it has lot of customers just because it's owners provide free laptops for use.", "F: I didn\u2019t hear you. Please could you tell me again?", "F: Although they make sofas comfortable to sit on, there are no Wi-Fi.", "F: Anyway. I hate the Cafe owners attract customers by engaging them in stimulating conversation."], "article": "F: Here's your cup of coffee, Bob. M: Thanks. But what took you so long, Catherine? F: Sorry, Bob. I bumped into somebody I knew in the cafe and stopped for a chat. M: OK, well. Catherine, did you know that coffee houses were originally a meeting place for lively debates and intellectual discussions? F: Really? I didn't know that, Bob. So how long ago was this debating society formed? M: The first coffee house was set up in Oxford in one thousand six hundred and fifty, but they quickly became popular and soon they were all over London too. You paid a penny to get in, and this included access to newspapers and stimulating conversation. F: But I have to say, while I was getting our coffees earlier, there was nobody else in the cafe talking except me and my friend. Everybody was sitting on their own, typing away on their laptops. So the spirit of those 17 century coffee houses has disappeared then? No more lively debates and intellectual discussions? M: It seems so. As Douglas Fraser, BBC Business and Economy editor says, the coffee shop's free Wi-Fi is transporting its customers to different destinations far from the person beside them. As you can see, so many people sit along plugged into their laptops, and they're all doing different things working, writing, messing about on social media. F: I think at the cafe owners should turn off the free Wi-Fi. I don't think people should be allowed to sit all day using the Internet, occupying tables and not talking to anybody, especially when some of them don't even buy a coffee. M: That's a bit extreme, Catherine. Cafe owners needs customers and they encourage people to stay by having comfortable sofas and newspapers to read and the free Wi-Fi.", "id": "train_59"}