{"answers": "D", "options": ["M: I am afraid I did not quite catch what you were saying. Please repeat it.", "M: Although it's already on sale and it's price can't be reduced, I still feel a little expensive.", "M: Since you are not the owner of the shop, sell me 900 dollars as you say.", "M: Well, since you're not the shopkeeper and you don't have the right to reduce the price, so please wrap it up for me."], "article": "M: Excuse me. How much is this suit? F: It's on sale today for $750. It's normally $900. M: Wow, that is pretty expensive! I was thinking that it might be 4 or 500. F: This material is imported from Italy. It's the finest in the world, and if you bought a suit made of this material at many department stores, you would pay about $2000. M: Uh-hah. But isn't that the point of coming to a market like this, to get a discount compared to the expensive department stores? Besides I saw a suit just like this one a few stalls down, and they were selling it for $600. I still thought that it was too expensive. F: It's possible that the suit you saw was the same color is this one but made of a different material. Unfortunately, our prices are final, and we think there are the lowest anywhere in the city. M: Could I try it on first? F: Of course, sir. The dressing room is down there to your left. M: Yes, I see it. Could I also take a tie to try on? I'm not actually looking to buy one, but I do want to see how the suit looks on me if I wear a tie. F: No problem. I'll have my assistant bring you a few ties that we give our customers for this exact purpose. M: Great! I'll be back in a minute. So, how do I look? F: You look very handsome, sir. This suit is made for you. M: Thank you. I like it very much. It fits perfectly and the style will never go out of fashion. The only thing is that I still think it is a bit too expensive. Can't you lower the price by just a little? F: I'm not the owner of the shop, sir. Otherwise, I might be able to reduce the price.", "id": "train_4"}