{"answers": "A", "options": ["F: I am sorry. You spoke so rapidly that I did not catch the meaning of what you said. Could you repeat that?", "F: I really need to learn some skills for fixing my apartment, I am sure you can help me with that you can help with your knowledge you learned in the interior design school.", "F: Alright, I really hope you can give me some legal advice for my problem before meeting him next Sunday, since I have no idea about that and I hope you can help me.", "F: I am really need a tip for how to deal with the problem with my landlord, I can ask for help from Lucy since you can't come to visit me, she is good at that."], "article": "M: Hello, this is Simon. F: Hello, Simon, this is Lisa. Sorry to call you at such a late hour. But I'm in trouble, and I think you might be able to help me out. M: It's my pleasure, Lisa. What's the matter? F: Well, you know, Nancy and I moved into an off-campus apartment in the fall, over on the west side of the town. Anyway, we've been happy with it until the last couple of months. M: Sounds good, then what happened? F: Unluckily, the air conditioner broke down. So we report it to Mr. Green, the landlord. He promised he'll take care of it, but a month went by, and nothing happened. M: Did you make contact with him again? F: I got a repair person to give me an estimate, then I send it to Mr. Green. When I didn't hear from him, I had it repaired down and I took all the cost from the rent check. M: So, what's the problem? F: He called me in a mad way, he said he could have gotten it repaired down for less money. Now he's threatening to drive us out for not paying the full rent. M: Hold on, Lisa. It does sound pretty serious, but I'm sure you should calm down and take it easy. F: Well, you are over at a law school. So I wonder if you can come with Nancy and me, when we go to talk to Mr. Green. We're supposed to meet with him tomorrow night at 8. M: Sure, I have studied a lot about contracts. And I would be glad to help you. Would you mind and my visiting you at about 7:30?", "id": "train_1287"}